#Issue
Usually property placeholder are used to read properties from a configuration file. When changing the properties at runtime an update process is triggered and the updated property is available for use. These properties can be used smoothly within route configuration but when the property is changed the update mechanism has no effect on the running route. The route has to be restarted to tighten the change. An automatic route restart can be achieved by configuring the appropriate update strategy within the property placeholder configuration. But a route restart on a property change is often not acceptable as unintentional updates are triggered. In the following the Recipient List pattern is used to get around restarting the route.
#Solution
The Recipient List pattern allows us to route messages to a number of dynamically specified recipients. For this particular use case the recipient list will most likely contain always one recipient but the endpoint is constructed dynamically at runtime! When using the Recipient List pattern *recipientList* replaces *to* within the camel DSL. The recipient list can be built in various ways. In our case a Java Bean called *MessageFilter* is used. When building the recipient list *MessageFilter* relays on properties which are read via the Configuration Admin Service. Depending on the properties the *MessageFilter* decides either to forward the message or to put it into trash. 
#Try it out!
Simply run the MessageProducer class to get the idea. When you want to run the sample in Karaf you can build and deploy the bundle and after use the provided blueprint file in test resources to generate a test message. The countries can be changed by putting the *camel.filtering.cfg* file from test resources in Karaf's etc folder.
#References
http://www.liquid-reality.de/display/liquid/2011/09/23/Karaf+Tutorial+Part+2+-+Using+the+Configuration+Admin+Service
